title | text
BWC, Hit me up to find out
Friendly, Are there any friendly connections,on here? White male here,,,
Blk SSBBW with groceries to eat, I was in publix when you approached me and said you loved eating groceries and loved how large my buggy is...I'm a blk bbw with large backside
Like to dress	|	Who likes to dress up?
BWC	|	Hit me up to find out
Friendly	|	Are there any friendly connections,on here? White male here,,,
Blk SSBBW with groceries to eat	|	I was in publix when you approached me and said you loved eating groceries and loved how large my buggy is...I'm a blk bbw with large backside
Like to dress	|	Who likes to dress up?
BWC	|	Post flagged or deleted
Like to dress	|	Who likes to dress up?
Friendly	|	Are there any friendly connections,on here? White male here,,,
Blk SSBBW with groceries to eat	|	I was in publix when you approached me and said you loved eating groceries and loved how large my buggy is...I'm a blk bbw with large backside
Hangout	|	You were a mwm that would come by and watch movies with me . Are you still around?
seeking connection	|	F only please
Good friend	|	Looking for a older lady to spend time with during the days that likes to have fun and want attention I'm 50 athletic build looking forward to hearing from you
You couldn't get enough	|	Of me servicing you. You always left drained and satisfied. If you see this respond with your stats/pic
Black Honda Grayson-New Hope Road Lawrenceville	|	We were both stuck in traffic side by side on Grayson-New Hope Road, I was the one in the Black Ford Pickup and you in the Black Honda Accord. We both waved, I wish could have gotten your number your so beautiful. I know it's a long shot but if you see this please respond.
Companion Care	|	Looking to be a special companion to someone in need of a friend. If thats you lets talk and see what we can do.
Looking for house cleaning	|	Looking for house cleaning once a week or so please respond with pic and rate
Title max McDonough	|	You where outside smoking or vaping at titlemax last Thursday I wish I could've been able to come speak with you and get to know more but I had to go you're a very beautiful woman I hope this reaches you
Hoover area	|	You used to come to my place few times a month and drive a truck too. Would like to reconnect with u and guys in similar situation
New to Montgomery	|	Nothing more wanted than good conversation.
We met on MARTA	|	You: F/AA/60/
Home Depot 9/30/22	|	Me: male, 5'11", grey jeans, black t-shirt, shaved head, mustache
Here for the day	|	In the area for work today and early evening like to see cpl or fmale.
ATL International Airport Shuttle	|	Very beautiful lady on airport shuttle from international to domestic the evening of Monday 9/26. We were both with someone else but I think you wanted to chat as much as I did.  Hoping you will see this and respond.
Beautiful woman and Wu tang and Nas concert	|	It was at the Exxon station across the street from Lakewood Amphitheater. I was looking in the soda cooler when you said don't judge me I don't always get a soda. I said I don't judge. We started talking and your friend pulled you to the front of the line with them.  You were about 5'7carnel complection. You were wearing a black sleeveless Wu tang shirt with some cutoff Jean shorts. I was wearing a blue stripped shirt and some jeans. I hope you see this.
Work out partner	|	You left door unlocked and you were laying down.
saw you in Target	|	we were on opposite sides of the checkout aisle. I was in self checkout. You were across. You looked terrific in your black yoga pants. You have brownish blonde hair. We smiled at each other. I was going to approach you but unfortunately my phone rang at the wrong time as it was a call from one of my clients. Work got in the way of me asking if you wanted to grab a drink.
Panera Emory	|	You had earbuds on, dark hair, gray shirt, you ordered at the kiosk. Yesterday-Monday. You had been walking down North Decatur. I was so intrigued by you.
Blonde in the dress walking in	|	You walked in wearing a pretty dress. You changed outfits and went to the water fountain where we exchanged smiles. I was going to tell you that you looked great in that dress but you were kinda fast getting to the bike. If you see this, I think you will know who I am.
Tahoe Apt. Friends circa 1980's	|	ISO Tahoe Apt. friends from 1980's Denise and Nancy.
Looking for older female walking near Cresswind	|	Was hoping to run into you again so we can talk more...send me a message to talk more and take it from there.
Brunette/Red Dress Hwy 92 The Home Depot	|	Would love to see you in that red dress again, or without it.😉
Goodwill in Lawrenceville	|	I saw you smiling at me Saturday morning in the Goodwill in Lawrenceville. I was to shy and nervous to smile back. Let me know if you are interested. You were wearing a blue long sleeve shirt.
Paradise Car Wash - you 50yr old female	|	We crossed paths at the car wash, I parked right of you. We chit chatted briefly. You liked my truck. You are a light skinned blk female. Slight gray edges, slim frame, very attractive. I would appreciate the opportunity to see you again. Interested 62yr old, Salt/Pepper beard blk male